1. Library Management System (The Actors are currently being identified correctly)

Case Study: The Member clicks the log-in button on the Home Page. The system displays the log- in page. The member enters his login Id with password. The member clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks member to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. Member must be logged in to the system. The member clicks on View user details. The system opens a page showing the details of the member. The details include the total number of issued books, date of issue, return date, fine to be paid. The member closes the page. The system shows OK message. The books should be stored in database. The books must be ready to retrieve. The system asks user to login. The system identifies the type of user- member, guest or administrator. The system shows the categories to browse. The user selects a category of books to view. If no category is selected by the user then the system again asks user to select a category. The system checks the books in the database. The system retrieves all the books falling in that category. The user selects the desired books. The system shows the details of the selected books. The system asks user to print the details. If User does not want to print the details then user can ignore the step. User can reserve a book by inputting the relevant details & the librarian can also reserve a book for a member. User should be logged into the system. User should have correct book Id. Books should be available to reserve. The system asks user to login. The system identifies the type of user- member, guest or administrator. The system shows the categories to browse. The user selects book to reserve. If no book is selected by the user then the system again asks user to select a book to reserve. The user enters Book Id to reserve. If the book Id is wrong then system asks user to recheck the book id. The system checks the books in the database. If the selected book is already reserved on another Id then system asks user to select another book. Members should be logged into the system. Guest user can also search books. Book should be available to search. The system shows the categories to browse. The member selects a category of searching a book. If no category is selected by the member then the system again asks user to select a category. The system checks the books in the database. The system retrieves all the books falling in that category. Member should give the member Id to the librarian. Books should be available to issue. The librarian Checks the availability of the books. The librarian also checks total number of books issued on that Id. Librarian issues the book. The librarian cannot issue the books if the user has three books issued on his Id. The system updates the information in database. Librarian should be logged into the system. Member should have borrowed books. Member should give the member Id to the librarian. The member returns the book. The librarian enters book id , member id in the system. If the entered book id is incorrect then system asks to re-enter the book id. The system prompts a message that the book with book id is successfully returned. Members should be stored in the database. Members should be available to retrieve by the system. Member must be logged in to the system. Guest can also view members. The user clicks on View members. The system opens a page showing the details of the member. The details include name of member, the total number of issued books, date of issue, return date, fine to be paid. The member closes the page. Librarian should be logged into the system. Books should be available to remove. Book details should be available to add or remove books in the database. The librarian has option of adding or removing a book in database. The system asks librarian to add or remove the book. The librarian adds a book. The system asks librarian to enter all the required details about the new book to be added. The librarian enters the details. If the librarian selects to remove a book then the book should be outdated. The system administrator that all the information has been correctly provided. Administrator should be logged into the system. Member should be available to remove. Member details should be available to add or remove member in the database. The system asks administrator to add or remove a member. The administrator selects to add a member. The system asks administrator to enter all the required details about the new member to be added. The administrator enters the details. If the administrator selects to remove a member then a valid reason of removal is required. The system validates that all the information has been correctly provided.




Correct Actors: User, Member, Guest, Administrator, Book, Librarian


2. Zoom Car Booking System


Case Study: The system displays the log-in page. The customer enters his login Id with password. The customer clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks customer to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information. The Admin clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The Admin enters his login Id with password. The admin clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks Admin to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The customer already has navigated to the main options screen. The customer enters the details of source station, destination station to search cars on that route. The customer also enters the type of car- hatch back, sedan etc he wants to book. Customer enters all the information- name, age, number of passengers, source station, destination station. The customer can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility usecase is carried out. He clicks the "Search" button. If all the required information is not entered by the customer then the system highlights the blank fields to be entered. After searching, the System displays a list of all the available cars that matches the customer’s input, each car in the list has an associated price. Customer must have searched for the required car. System displays a screen showing the details of the booked car. The customer verifies the details. He clicks the "Submit" button. System displays a screen with input fields for: a card number, cardholder name, card expiration date. Customer enters the details for the card number, the cardholder name , the card expiration date and he clicks the "Submit" button.  If customer is stuck in the process then he can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility usecase is carried out. System displays the success message.
A booking has already been made and customer must have successfully navigated to the main options screen. Customer Selects the "Cancel booking" option. System displays a screen with an input field for the reason of cancellation. He clicks the "Submit" button. The customer can use help facility, HelpFacility use case is carried out. System displays the details of the booking. Customer Selects the "Process Cancellation" option. System displays a message “Booking successfully cancelled” and then system displays the main options screen again. The customer clicks on help facility. The system displays a list of facilities. The customer clicks on the type of help required. The system shows the instructions. The admin manages the car. The system asks Admin whether he wants to Add a new car or Remove an outdated car from the system. The Admin selects to add car, AddCar usecase is carried out. If Admin selects to remove an outdated car, then RemoveCar usecase is carried out. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects on adding the car. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for adding a car in the database- car model, distance travelled so far, date of purchase, type of car etc. The admin fills the information. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects to remove car. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for removing a car in the database. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for removing a car in the database-  the reason of removing that car, car model, distance travelled so far, date of purchase, type of car etc. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message.


Correct Actors: User, Customer, Admin, Booking, Car, PaymentSystem, HelpFacility


3. Monitoring Operating System


Case Study: The Operator is already logged in. The Operator requests to view the status of a monitoring location. If an Emergency situation occurs then System displays emergency warning message to operator. The system displays the monitoring status as follows: Sensor status for each sensor (value, upper limit, lower limit, alarm status). Monitoring status has been displayed. The Operator is logged in before starting the process. The Operator requests to view the outstanding alarms. If an Emergency situation occurs then System displays emergency warning message to operator. The system displays the outstanding alarms. For each alarm, the system displays the name of the alarm, alarm description, location of alarm, severity of alarm (high, medium, low). Outstanding alarms have been displayed. The remote system is operational in advance. The sensors sends new monitoring data to the system. If an Emergency situation occurs then System displays emergency warning message to operator. The system updates the monitoring status as follows: Sensor status for each sensor (value, upper limit, lower limit, alarm status). The system sends new monitoring status to Monitoring-Operators who have subscribed to receive status updates. Monitoring status has been updated. If an alarm condition is detected then an alarm is generated. Operators are notified of new alarms to which they have subscribed. If Emergency situation is detected then System displays emergency warning message to operator. The external sensor is operational already. The Remote Sensor sends an alarm to the system. If the alarm is severe then a display with flashing warning is done. The system updates the alarm data. The system stores the name of the alarm, alarm description, location of alarm, severity of alarm (high, medium, low). Alarm data have been updated. If the Operator is stuck somewhere in the process then he has an option to use help facility provided by the system. The Monitoring-Operator chooses help facility option. Screen displays a message asking the type of help he wants. Depending on the selection, the system helps him in proceeding with the system.

Correct Actors: Operator, RemoteSensor, MonitoringSystem, Alarm, HelpFacility, Notification, MonitoringLocation, Sensor


4. Digital Home System


Case Study: The System allows a web ready computer, cell phone or PDA to control a home's temperature, humidity, lights, security, and the state of small appliances. Users monitor and control home devices and systems. The system equipes with various environmental controllers and sensors. The sensor reads and saved value in the home database. The user read the temperature at a thermostat position. The user set the thermostat temperatures to between 60 ° F and 80 ° F, inclusive, at one degree increments. If a thermostat device allows a user to make a manual temperature setting, the setting remains in effect until the end of the planned or default time period, at which time the planned or default setting will be used for the next time period. The system compatibles with a centralized HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning). The system adheres to the standards, policies and procedures of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers [ASHRAE 2010]. The user monitor and control a home’s humidity from any location, using a web ready computer, cell phone, or PDA. The user read the humidity at a humidistat position. The user sets the humidity level for a humidistat, from 30% to 60%, inclusive a 1% increments. The system uses wireless signals to communicate, through the master control unit, with the humidistats. The system consists of contact sensors and a set security alarms. The system manages up to fifty door and window contact sensors. The system activates both light and sound alarms one sound alarm and one light alarm subsystem, with multiple lights. The system provides information about the state of a power switch (OFF or ON), indicating the whether an appliance connected to the power switch is OFF or ON. The system changes the state of a power switch (OFF to ON, or ON to OFF), in turn changing the state of an appliance connected to the power switch. If a user changes the state of power switch device manually, the device remains in that state until the end of the planned or default time period, at which time the planned or default setting will be used for the next time period. The system set various preset home parameters (temperature, humidity, security contacts, and on/off appliance/light status) for certain time periods. System provides a monthly planner. The user overrides planned parameter values, through the DH website, or if available, through manual switches on household devices. The system provides a report on the management and control of the home.

Correct Actors: User, Humidistat, Thermostat, Alarm, Sensor, Planner, PowerSwitch, Appliance


5. Online Pet store 

The Customer clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The customer enters his login Id with password. The customer clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks customer to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. Customer browser has to be linked to supplier catalog Web site before the starting of the process. The Customer requests to browse catalog. System displays login page, Log-in usecase is carried out. If the customer is not registered then the system asks customer to get registered. Customer enters email address with a password.  System confirms correct login. If the entered email address with password is incorrect then system shows login error message. The system displays catalog information to customer. The catalog consists of the categories of pets- dogs, cats , birds. The system asks user to select the pet category. The customer selects the pet category, browses items. The customer selects the items for Pet category from the catalog. If Customer does not select any Pet category from the displayed catalog then the system asks customer to browse related items for pets from the catalog. The system displays a list of items with price. Customer has to be logged in before placing an order, Log-in usecase is carried out. From the list of items for Pets from catalog, customer selects the items for his Pet. System presents detailed information about the items. Customer adds the selected item to a shopping cart. Shopping cart contents is presented to the customer. Customer selects proceed to checkout option. Customer enters shipping address. System presents shipping options. The customer selects shipping option. System asks which credit/debit card will be used. Customer selects to use the credit card which is stored in the system. If customer wants to use another card for payment then he enters details of that card.  System asks for final confirmation to place an order. Customer places an order. System returns confirmation number. A delivery order must exist. The supplier needs to log in, Log-in usecase is carried out. The System displays the delivery order made by customer to supplier. The supplier checks the order. The supplier determines that items are available in inventory to satisfy delivery order. If item is out of stock then the supplier rejects the delivery of that order by asking system to select another supplier. The System reserves the selected items for a customer. The System displays the inventory information to Supplier. The System confirms that the items are reserved to be delivered. To check the status of the order, the customer must have placed an order. Customer enters login id with password, Log-in use case is carried out. The system validates the customer. System presents main page.  The system displays a list of available options. The customer selects check order status from the list. The system shows all the available orders. If there is no active order, then the system displays a message that no active order is available. The customer selects the order he wants to check for status.  The system displays the status of that order. The customer clicks on OK button. The system shows Thank you message.

Correct Actors: Customer, Supplier, Authentication, Catalog, Shopping Cart, Order, Inventory, Item, PaymentMethod

6. Railway Reservation system 

The Customer clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The customer enters his login Id with password. The customer clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks customer to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The admin clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The admin enters his login Id with password. The admin clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks Admin to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The customer already has navigated to the main options screen. The customer enters the details of source station, destination station, date to get the best possible trains. The customer also enters the type of train he wants to book. Customer enters all the information. The customer can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility usecase is carried out. He clicks the "Search" button. If all the required information is not entered by the customer then the system highlights the blank fields to be entered. After searching, the System displays a list of all the trains that matches the customer’s input, each train in the list has an associated price. Customer selects the "Purchase Ticket" link from the list of options. The system displays a screen with an input field for a reservation number. The customer enters a reservation number. He clicks the "Submit" button. System displays the details of the reservation and the customer selects the "Purchase Ticket" option. System displays a screen with input fields for: a credit card number, cardholder name, credit card expiration date. Customer enters the details for the credit card number, the cardholder name , the credit card expiration date and he clicks the "Submit" button.  If customer is stuck in the process then he can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility usecase is carried out. System displays the success message. A reservation has already been made and customer must have successfully navigated to the main options screen. Customer Selects the "Cancel Reservation" option. System displays a screen with an input field for a reservation number and Customer enters a reservation number and he clicks the "Submit" button. The customer can use help facility, HelpFacility use case is carried out. System displays the details of the reservation. Customer	 Selects the "Process Cancellation" option and then system displays the main options screen again. The website provides instructions to the customers on how to book tickets, search trains, cancel reservation. The customer clicks on help facility. The system displays a list of facilities. The customer clicks on the type of healp required. The system shows the instructions. The admin manages the train. The system asks Admin whether he wants to Add Train or Remove train. The Admin selects to add train, AddTrain usecase is carried out. If Admin selects to remove train, then RemoveTrain usecase is carried out. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects on adding the trains. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for adding a train in the database. The admin fills the information. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects on remove trains. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for removing a train in the database. The admin fills all the required information. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message.

Correct Actors: Customer, Reservation, HelpFacility, Admin, Train

7.  College Registration System
The student clicks on “Register here” button on the Home Page.  The system displays the Registration page. The student enters his details. The system validates the details. If all the information is not filled by the student then the validation is not done. The system displays “Successful validation” message to the student. The user must be registered. The user enters his login Id with password. The user clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks user to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The administrator must be logged in. The system opens a list of options. The administrator clicks on the manage exam options. From the list, He clicks on add exam papers option. The system asks him to upload the papers. The administrator uploads the paper. The system asks to verify the uploaded papers. The administrator verifies the paper, clicks on upload button. The system acknowledges by showing a message “Paper successfully uploaded”. The administrator must be logged in. The system opens a list of options. The administrator clicks on the manage exam options. From the list, He clicks on remove exam papers option. The system asks him to select the papers to be removed. The administrator selects the paper. The system asks administrator to confirm again. The administrator confirms. The system acknowledges by showing a message “Paper successfully removed”. The student must be logged in. The system opens a list of options. The student clicks on view paper option. The system asks to select the subject. If no subject is chosen then the system asks student to select a subject again. The student selects the subject of which he wants to see the paper. The system shows the paper. The student downloads the paper. The administrator must be logged in. The system opens a list of options. The administrator clicks on the Upload reports link. The system opens upload reports page. The administrator uploads the reports of the students class-wise. The system acknowledges by showing “Reports successfully uploaded” message. The student must be logged in. The system opens a list of options. The student clicks on the View reports link. The student enters his name with roll number. The system verifies it. If the information entered by student is incorrect then system asks him to try again. The system shows his report. The student downloads the report.

Correct Actors: Student, Administrator, Paper, Report

8. Online Discussion Group Project 

The leader logs into the system. The system authenticates the leader to start a session. If the system fails to validate   the leader then the system shows an error message. The leader chooses to create a new group. The system guides the leader to fill in required information to create the discussion group. If the system fails to create a new group then the system asks leader to check the information. The leader invites other students to join the discussion group by giving invitation message. If system fails to deliver invitation message then the leader is asked to retry the process. The system acknowledges that a new discussion group is created. There should be at least one existing discussion group. The student logs in. The system authenticates the student. The system starts the session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system shows an error message. The student chooses to join the existing discussion group. The system guides the student to fill in required information to join the discussion group. If the information filled by the student is incomplete then the system shows an error message. The system acknowledges that the student has successfully joined the discussion group. The student should have joined at least one discussion group. The student logs into the system. The system authenticates the student to start a session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system shows an error message. The student chooses to leave the discussion group. The student is guided by the system to specify the discussion group he wants to leave. The system acknowledges that the student has successfully left that group. If the student is unable to leave the selected discussion group then the system asks the student to retry. The student logs into the system. The system validate the student to start a session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system asks student to retry. The student chooses to add a presentation. The system guides the student to fill in required information to add a new presentation. The system acknowledges that the presentation is added successfully. If the presentation is not added successfully then the system shows an error message asking to retry. The student has to be a member of at least one discussion group. The student logs into the system. The system authenticates the student to start a session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system asks student to enter login id with password again. The student chooses to edit a presentation. The student edits the presentation. The system asks student to save the changes made by him. If the student selects not to save the changes then no changes in the presentation is saved. The system acknowledges that the presentation has been saved. The leader must be logged in. The leader logs into the system. The system authenticates the leader to start a session. If the user is not registered as a leader then an error message is shown by the system. Only leader is allowed to delete a presentation. The system guides the leader to delete a presentation. The system acknowledges that the presentation has been deleted. The student has to be a registered student. The student logs into the system. The system authenticates the student to start a session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system asks student to retry. The student chooses to add a comment. The system guides the student to fill in required information to add a new comment. The system acknowledges that the comment is added successfully. If the comment is not added successfully then the system shows an error message asking to retry. The student has to be a member of at least one discussion group. The student logs into the system. The system authenticates the student to start a session. If the system fails to validate the student then the system asks student to enter login id with password again. The student chooses to edit a comment made by him. If the student tries to edit a comment made by someone else then the system shows an error message. The student edits the comment. The system asks student to save the changes made by him. If the student selects not to save the changes then no changes in the comment is saved. The system acknowledges that the new comment has been saved. The leader must be logged in. The leader logs into the system. The system authenticates the leader to start a session. If the user is not registered as a leader then an error message is shown by the system. Only leader is allowed to delete a comment. The system guides the leader to delete a comment. The system acknowledges that the comment has been deleted. 

Correct Actors: User, Leader, DiscussionGroup, Student, Presentation, Comment

9. Online Bus Reservation
The Customer clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The customer enters his login Id with password. The customer clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks customer to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The admin clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The admin enters his login Id with password. The admin clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks admin to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The customer already has navigated to the main options screen. The customer enters the details of source station, destination station, date to get the best possible buses. The customer also enters the type of bus he wants to book. Customer enters all the information- name, age, number of passengers, source station, destination station. The customer can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility use case is carried out. He clicks the "Search" button. If all the required information is not entered by the customer then the system highlights the blank fields to be entered. After searching, the System displays a list of all the buses that matches the customer’s input, each bus in the list has an associated price. Customer selects the "Purchase Ticket" link from the list of options. The system displays a screen with an input field for a reservation number. The customer enters a reservation number. He clicks the "Submit" button. System displays the details of the reservation and the customer selects the "Purchase Ticket" option. System displays a screen with input fields for: a credit card number, cardholder name, credit card expiration date. Customer enters the details for the credit card number, the cardholder name , the credit card expiration date and he clicks the "Submit" button.  If customer is stuck in the process then he can use help facility to know how to fill the information, HelpFacility use case is carried out. System displays the success message. A reservation has already been made and customer must have successfully navigated to the main options screen. Customer Selects the "Cancel Reservation" option. System displays a screen with an input field for a reservation number and Customer enters a reservation number and he clicks the "Submit" button. The customer can use help facility, HelpFacility use case is carried out. System displays the details of the reservation. Customer	 Selects the "Process Cancellation" option and then system displays the main options screen again. The website provides instructions to the customers on how to book tickets, search buses, cancel reservation. The customer clicks on help facility. The system displays a list of facilities. The customer clicks on the type of heal required. The system shows the instructions. The admin manages the bus. The system asks Admin whether he wants to Add Bus or Remove Bus. The Admin selects to add bus, AddBus use case is carried out. If Admin selects to remove bus, then RemoveBus use case is carried out. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects on adding the bus. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for adding a bus in the database. The admin fills the information. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message. The Admin already has navigated to the main options screen. The system validates the log in information. The admin selects on remove bus. The system asks admin to fill all the required information for removing a bus in the database. The admin fills all the required information. The system displays a success message on the screen. If all the required information is not filled by Admin then the system shows an error message.

Correct Actors: HelpFacility, User, Customer, Admin, Payment, Reservation, Bus

10. Online Bookstore System

The Customer must not be already registered.  The Customer clicks the Register button on the Home Page.  The system displays the register page.  The Customer registers all the required information. The Customer clicks the send button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If yes, then the system updates the customer’s record in the account tables in the database. System displays OK message. The tables are updated by the system. The Customer clicks the log-in button on the Home Page.  The system displays the log-in page. The customer enters his login Id with password. The customer clicks on the confirm button. The system checks that all of the required information was entered. If the entered information is wrong then system asks customer to reenter the details. The system validates the entered information against the tables stored in the database. The customer should be logged in. If the customer is not logged in then Log-in Usecase is carried out. The customer enters the keyword for a book and clicks the search button on the Personal Home Page. The system displays the matching books on the web Page. The customer chooses the desired book. He clicks the ADD TO SHOPPING CART button on the web page. The system adds the book into the CUSTOMER’s Order table in the database. The customer can directly go on the checkout page, CheckOut use case is carried out. The customer must be logged-in. If the customer is not logged in then Log-in Usecase is carried out. The customer selects sell used books on the homepage. The system shows sell used books webpage. The customer enters all the details of the books to sell- name, publication, type etc. The system displays a confirmation page listing the information that the customer has entered. The customer checks the displayed information is correct. If the information is not accurate then the customer corrects the information. The customer clicks on the OK button to confirm. The customer must be logged-in. If the customer is not logged in then Login Usecase is carried out. The customer checks for the desired book , clicks on the chosen book icon. The system displays the book’s detail in the Book Detail web page. The CUSTOMER clicks the REVIEW button on the web page. The system displays the Review Book web page. The CUSTOMER clicks on the desired star button. Then clicks the OK button on the web page. The system calculates the overall rating of the book, updates the Book table in the database. The system displays the Book Detail web pages that have been updated. The system displays the selected books to the customer. The customer checks the order list of any inconsistency. If nothing is found, then the customer clicks on the proceed button. The system shows the invoice page. The customer enters the address for delivery of the selected books. He click on the proceed button. The customer enters the credit/debit card information. If the information entered by the customer is incorrect then transaction is aborted. The system confirms the receipt. The customer downloads the receipt.

Correct Actors: Customer, Order, ShoppingCart, Book

11. LIS (Library Information System)

The system supports (but does not require) streamlined staff login methods.  Administrators can create reliable report templates that are available to staff, and can be run as is or modified to the staff person's particular needs. The administrator can limit the filters and display fields that can be altered to certify a dependable output. System provides distinct, fine-grained permission levels limiting who can create and clone reports. All permissions be easy to administer. System administrators can create shared folders to allow or disallow staff to run specific reports, and/or to run ad hoc reports on specific sets of data. System provides a user-friendly interface for designing queries against all record types. Staff can select fields to query select values from picklist of possible values select regular expressions from drop-down menu, and use a full range of Boolean operators. Administrators control staff access to tables and fields. The system provides pre-defined reports for consumption by library boards or other consumers. There will be reports providing basic statistics like those required by the Georgia Annual Report and Application for State Aid and activity reports that indicate traffic and volume of use that display statistics on check-outs, check-ins, holds placed, and holds filled. System must be able to support the reporting definitions as described in Appendix A.  System must be able to support the fine-grained reports requirements as described in Appendix B. The system produces statistics that can be used to understand and predict patron behavior and use of materials. The system produces useful demographic statistics, including transactions by geographical regions, age ranges, etc. The system provides an interface showing capacity of all branches (as defined in PINES-014). System ability to compare the percentage of total circulations, the percentage of the collection, and the percentage of total shelf space that genre/format comprises. System ability to control inventory of uncatalogued material, such as paperback books and children's board books. System provides a utility for transferring batches of items between branches, used for example to move books into a mobile library, an outreach program collection, or a "just in time" warehouse. The system generates a list of items that have been in-transit for more than X days (X configurable), per branch and per system.  The report would merge the transit to and transit from into one report for ease of front-line staff use. The system provides a utility and reports for identifying item records to purge, based on customizable criteria. The system has a report to assist in the conversion of items from one status to another. The system provides a last copy report that would single out a library system's last copies, to assist catalogers who need to edit WorldCat entries. The system provides a quick effective method of deleting volume entries along with copy entries, as well as records with no items attached. System ability to count and track record deletions ( item records, patron records) per location and per system. The system generates a list of patrons with no circulation or electronic activity in the last X days (X configurable). The system counts all types of check-in individually and cumulatively book-drop, by terminal, by user or self-service. The system counts all types of check-out individually and cumulatively: staff check-out, self check-out, staff renewal, self checkout renewal, online renewal, OPAC renewal. The system counts all hold requests, including how the hold was placed: at a staff desk, at a public computer inside the library, or remotely. The system can generate a report of transactions (holds placed, holds filled, and check-outs) per patron, per library, per selected group  libraries, per system, per county. The system displays the number of check-outs and placed holds per patron. The system can generate a report of the value of items (based on data in item record) in the entire collection or a portion. Staff can obtain value of all items with status of long overdue, or value of all DVDs in children's collection, or value of entire collection. All reports and data archiving must comply with standard accounting practice and state, county, and municipal auditing requirements. System tracks fines waived and payments made per library. Financial information can be updated easily. The system maintains a ledger of patron payments, including which charges payments are applied to, to facilitate reconciliation.

Correct Actors: Staff, Branch, Adminstrator, Report, Item, Patron, ReportTemplate, Transaction

12: EStore System

The system displays all the products that can be configured. The system   allows user to select the product to configure. The system displays all the available components of the product to configure. The system enables user to add one or more component to the configuration. The system notifies the user about any conflict in the current configuration. The system allows user to update the configuration to resolve conflict in the current configuration. The system allows user to confirm the completion of current configuration. The system   displays detailed information of the selected products. The system   provides browsing options to see product details. The system displays detailed product categorization to the user. The system   enables user to enter the search text on the screen. The system enables user to select multiple options on the screen to search. The system displays all the matching products based on the search. The system displays only 10 matching results on the current screen. The system   enables user to navigate between the search results. The system   notifies the user when no matching product is found on the search. The system allows user to create profile and set his credential. The system   authenticates user credentials to view the profile. The system   allows user to update the profile information. The system   displays both the active and completed order history in the customer profile. The system allows user to select the order from the order history. The system   displays the detailed information about the selected order. The system displays the most frequently searched items by the user in the profile. The system   allows user to register for newsletters and surveys in the profile. The system   provides online help, FAQ’s customer support, and sitemap options for customer support. The system   allows user to select the support type he wants. The system   allows user to enter the customer and product information for the support. The system   displays the customer support contact numbers on the screen. The system   allows user to enter the contact number for support personnel to call. The system   displays the online help upon request. The system displays the FAQ’s upon request. The system   maintains customer email information as a required part of customer profile. The system   sends an order confirmation to the user through email. The system   displays detailed invoice for current order once it is confirmed. The system   optionally allows user to print the invoice. The system   provides shopping cart during online purchase. The system allows user to add/remove products in the shopping cart. The system displays different shipping options provided by shipping department. The system enables user to select the shipping method during payment process. The system   displays the shipping charges. The system   displays tentative duration for shipping. The system allows user to enter the order information for tracking. The system displays the current tracking information about the order. The system calculates tax for the order. The system displays tax information for the order. The system displays available payment methods for payment. The system allows user to select the payment method for order. The system displays the orders that are eligible to change. The system allows user to select the order to be changed. The system allows user to cancel the order. The system   allows user to change shipping, payment method. The system   notifies the user about any changes made to the order. The system   displays the reviews and ratings of each product, when it is selected. The system   enables the user to enter their reviews and ratings. The system   displays all the available financing options. The system allows user to select the financing option. The system notifies the use about the financing request. The system   allows user to view detailed sitemap. The system displays all the available promotions to the user. The system   allows user to select available promotion. The system allows user to confirm the purchase. The system   enables user to enter the payment information. The system provides a uniform look and feel between all the web pages. The system   provides a digital image for each product in the product catalog. The system provides use of icons and toolbars. The system provides handicap access. The system provide multi language support. The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover. The system provides for replication of databases to off-site storage locations. The system provides RAID V Disk Stripping on all database storage disks. The system provides a contractual agreement with an internet service provider for T3 access with 99.9999% availability. The system provides a contractual agreement with an internet service provider who can provide 99.999% availability through their network facilities onto the internet. The product   based on web and has to be run from a web server. The product take initial load time depending on internet connection strength which also depends on the media from which the product is run. The performance depends upon hardware components of the client/customer. The system use secure sockets in all transactions that include any confidential customer information. The system automatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity. The system confirms all transactions with the customer’s web browser. The system not leave any cookies on the customer’s computer containing the user’s password. The system   not leave any cookies on the customer’s computer containing any of the user’s confidential information. The web_browser never display a customer’s password.  It always be echoed with special characters representing typed characters. The web_browser never displays a customer’s credit card number after retrieving from the database.  It always be shown with just the last 4 digits of the credit card number. The system’s back-end servers never display a customer’s password.  The customer password may be reset but never shown. The system backend servers only accessible to authenticated administrators. The system backend databases encrypted. The system built using a standard web page development tool that conforms to either IBM’s CUA standards or Microsoft’s GUI standards.

Correct Actors: User, Profile, Support, Promotion, Financing, Order, Configuration, ShoppingCart, Payment, Invoice, Product

13: iCoot System Problem

The Customer browses the index. He selects an index heading. The Customer selects to view Car-Models for the selected index heading. To view the results ViewResults usecase is carried out. The system presents the Customer with a summary of each retrieved CarModel, including model number with price. The customer views the cars. To view the car model details, ViewCarModelDetails use case is carried out. The customer should be logged into iCoot system. The Customer selects one of the matching CarModels. The Customer requests details of the selected CarModel. The system displays details for the selected car model including makes, engine size, price, description, advert, poster. If Customer wants to make a reservation then MakeReservation use case is carried out. The customer selects the required categories and he selects the required Makes. The Customer also selects the required engine sizes and he initiates the search. If Customer specifies no categories, makes or engine sizes then the system ask the Customer to enter either required categories. Member has already obtained a password from their local Store. The Member enters the membership number. The Member enters the password. The Member elects to log on. The system displays the Member's Window. If the Member elects View Member Details then View_MemberDetails usecase is carried out. The system again displays the Member's Window. If the Member elects View Rentals then ViewRentals usecase is visited. The system displays a message on Member's Window. If the member elects Log Off then LogOff use case is used. The customer should be logged into the system. If the customer is not logged in then the system asks him to log in, LogOn usecase is carried out. For security reasons, the system must display only the last four digits of the Member’s CreditCard number. The system presents the Member with membership details including name, address, status, amount owing, CreditCard details. The system informs the Member to verify the details. If there are corrections in the details then system asks member to contact local Store. The system verifies the details entered by the member. The system shows the details. The member is logged on in advance. The Member elects to reserve the CarModel for the details on display. The Assistant asks the Member for confirmation. The system issues a warning that failure to collect a reserved CarModel will result in a fine. If Member declines Reservation conditions then the system again asks the Member for confirmation. The member confirms the Reservation. The system shows the member the Reservation number. The system indicates the Member that an Assistant will be in touch when the requested Car is available. When an Assistant logs on to iCoot then the system gives the Assistant a list of Reservations that require action. The Assistant takes necessary action to progress Reservations. The Member elects to view the Rentals. The system presents the Member with summary of each Car the Member currently have out for rent including number plate ,due date. The system presents Member with summaries of Cars currently rented. If no information is shown then the system asks member to select a valid options. The member should be logged into iCoot system. The system asks him to enter the old password. Member enters the old password. The system asks member to enter a new password. The Member enters a new password. The Member enters the new password again. The Member initiates the change. The system asks the Member for confirmation. The member confirms it. The system validates the password. The system displays a warning to the Member “Please memorize your password”. The member should be logged into iCoot system. If the customer is not logged in then the system asks him to log in, LogOn usecase is carried out. He should have a reservation to view the reservations. The system shows a list of reservation made by the member. The system displays the validated summaries of member’s reservations such as date, time, car models etc. The Member should be logged into iCoot system and should already have a Reservation. The Member selects to cancel the Reservation.  The Assistant asks the Member for confirmation.  Member confirms to cancel the Reservation. If Member doesn’t confirm a cancellation then that reservation is not cancelled by the system. The system marks the Reservation as Concluded. The system updates the Assistant’s terminals accordingly. The member should be logged into iCoot system. If the customer is not logged in then the system asks him to log in, LogOn usecase is carried out.  The member selects to log off the iCoot system. The system ends the current session. The system makes the Member functions unavailable to Member. If the member does not interact with the system for ten minutes then the member is logged off automatically by the system. The system validates the member’s log off. The system asks customer to look for the CarModels. The customer retrieves a subset of CarModels from the catalog. The system displays all the possible models on the options selected by the customer.



Correct Actors: Customer, Member, CarModel, Assistant, Reservation


14: Puget
The system captures files and manage files where appropriate. The system  allows for multiple file upload to be configured on a per-page basis. The system  captures and organize voice clips that can be used where appropriate. The system  allows actors to organize their voice clips into a portfolio. The system allows actors to download their voice clips in a flexible format. The system  stores audio clips in a format conducive to speech. The system allows actors to delete recorded clips. The system displays web feeds, such as RSS 2.0 feeds, for all pages of the course management system where elements such as forum posts, assignment postings, announcements, wiki alterations and other blocks of information that an actor may view are added. The system allows web feeds to be turned on or off on a per-page basis. The system uses search functionality as a way to navigate Moodle pages instead of using hierarchical links. The system displays a search box on every page after an actor has logged in. The system allows actors in the capacity of course administrator to post grades associated with assignments for a particular actor in the capacity of student. Administrator  grades an assignment. The system  displays grade information to the appropriate actor. The system  maintains a grade history. The system provides a wiki where actors can collaboratively create networks of documents. The system  provides a blog engine. Students  selects in their preferences whether notifications are sent to their mobile telephone (via SMS) or e-mail account. Students manages their notification subscriptions (for example, remove themselves from notifications).

Correct Actors: Students, Administrator, VoiceClip, Wiki, Blog, File, Grade


15. CCTNS

The system  supports multilingual interface. The system   designs in manner that operational data is not lost in case of any failure of equipment or communication network. The system  works even in an offline mode with the critical functionality. The system  designs to have satisfactory performance even in Police Stations connected on low bandwidth. The system  implements using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and have a modular design. The system  develops on Open Standards. The system  build’s on a common User Access and Authentication Service to ensure Single-Sign on for the end-user. The system  develops for a centralized deployment and maintenance. The system  develops to be deployed in a 3-tier datacenter architecture. The system  designs to have a n-tier architecture with the presentation logic separated from the business logic that is again separated from the data-access logic. The system extensible to provide access to the interfaces through PDA’s and mobile data terminals. The system adopts standardized formats and common metadata elements . The system designs for access through browser-based systems and must impose minimal requirements on the client device. The system supports multiple types of communication services for remote access. The system capability to support public access to a subset of data and functionality. The system supports multi-tier authentication where required. The system supports SSL encrypted connections. The system supports secure virtual private network connections. The system uses HTTPS as the communication protocol, i.e., HTTP over an encrypted secure socket layer (SSL). The system runs on multiple browsers. The system supports selective encryption of the stored data. The system ensures secure transmission of data over the network and utilize SSL and 2-way digital signatures. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through prevent cross-site scripting. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through validate the incoming data / user request. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through encode the incoming data / user request. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through prevent SQL Injection. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through utilize parameterized queries. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through sanitize the user-inputs. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through validate the data both at the client and server. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through do not allow hard delete and perform only soft tagging the row for deletion. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through use of cache for storing frequent data. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through use of AJAX based technology to improve user experience. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through aggressive page loading to be considered based on the screen and estimate usage pattern. The system  ensures high standards of security and access control through leverage Asynchronous HTTP socket capabilities of web server for scalability and performance. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through host all the static content (documents, images) on the web server. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through the search results should be fetched from the database in batches of 10 or 20 maximum as configured within the application. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through display of records on the screen in batches/paged manner. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through the search should fetch only the fields that need to be displayed to the user. The system ensures high scalability and performance through only when the user clicks on a particular record to view its further details should a query be fired to fetch the additional details for this particular record only. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through a hierarchical cache should be configured and used for caching of results of most frequently used searches. The system  ensures high scalability and performance through database Indexes should be applied on the key columns used for searching.

Correct Actors: Interface, Data, Access, Architecture, CommunicationNetwork, Security